tests/utils/moscaFetch/Readme.md, before:

# MoscaFetch Utility

## Introduction

`moscaFetch` is a testing utility designed to simplify the process of mocking and recording HTTP requests in Node.js environments. It provides an easy-to-use API for setting up mocks and capturing actual request-response cycles for use in tests.

## Features

- **Mock HTTP Requests**: Simulate HTTP responses without making actual network calls.
- **Record Requests**: Capture and log HTTP requests and responses to refine tests or mock setups.
- **Callbacks**: Execute custom logic after a mocked request is handled.
- **Restore**: Cleanly revert any modifications to the global fetch, maintaining test isolation.

### Usage

#### Importing

```js
const { mock, record, restoreAll, getRecords } = require('moscaFetch');
```

#### Mocking Requests

To mock HTTP requests:

```js
mock({
  url: 'https://api.example.com/data',
  method: 'POST',
  body: '*',
  response: { key: 'value' },
  callback: (info) => console.log('Request completed', info),
});
```

Or use wildcard \* to mock all Request

```js
mock({
  url: '*',
  method: '*',
  response: '*',
  callback: (info) => console.log('Request completed', info),
});
```

Configuration Options

- `url`: URL to match the request (string or wildcard `*`).
- `method`: HTTP method to match (string or wildcard `*`).
- `expectedBody`: Expected body to match for incoming requests (object or wildcard `*`).
- `response`: Response to return when a request is matched.
- `callback`: Function to execute after a request is handled.

#### Recording Requests

To record requests for later analysis or setup:

```js
// Setting up recording
record({
  url: '*',
  method: '*',
  body: '*', // Record any POST request to this URL
});

// After your requests
const recordedData = getRecords();
debugger;
console.log(recordedData);
// Then Copy/Paste the object from the console
```

#### Retrieving Records

To retrieve and log the recorded requests:

```js
const records = getRecords();
console.log(records);
```

#### Restoring Fetch

To restore the original fetch after tests:

```js
restoreAll();
```

### Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please read our contributing guidelines to get started.

### License

moscaFetch is MIT licensed.

Commit message:

Enhance WorkflowDrivenAgent with improved error handling and state management
- Added a new `noStackTrace` option in Jest configuration for cleaner test outputs.
- Refactored `WorkflowDrivenAgent` to streamline workflow execution and error handling processes.
- Introduced new private methods for better organization and clarity in workflow management.
- Updated task store handling to ensure accurate status updates during workflow execution.
- Added a utility function for cleaning dynamic values in test snapshots to ensure consistent results.

tests/utils/moscaFetch/Readme.md, after:

# MoscaFetch Utility

## Introduction

`moscaFetch` is a testing utility designed to simplify the process of mocking and recording HTTP requests in Node.js environments. It provides an easy-to-use API for setting up mocks and capturing actual request-response cycles for use in tests.

## Features

- **Mock HTTP Requests**: Simulate HTTP responses without making actual network calls.
- **Record Requests**: Capture and log HTTP requests and responses to refine tests or mock setups.
- **Callbacks**: Execute custom logic after a mocked request is handled.
- **Restore**: Cleanly revert any modifications to the global fetch, maintaining test isolation.

### Usage

#### Importing

```js
const {
  mock,
  record,
  restoreAll,
  getRecords,
  cleanSnapshotForComparison,
} = require('moscaFetch');
```

#### Mocking Requests

To mock HTTP requests:

```js
mock({
  url: 'https://api.example.com/data',
  method: 'POST',
  body: '*',
  response: { key: 'value' },
  callback: (info) => console.log('Request completed', info),
});
```

Or use wildcard \* to mock all Request

```js
mock({
  url: '*',
  method: '*',
  response: '*',
  callback: (info) => console.log('Request completed', info),
});
```

Configuration Options

- `url`: URL to match the request (string or wildcard `*`).
- `method`: HTTP method to match (string or wildcard `*`).
- `expectedBody`: Expected body to match for incoming requests (object or wildcard `*`).
- `response`: Response to return when a request is matched.
- `callback`: Function to execute after a request is handled.

#### Recording Requests

To record requests for later analysis or setup:

```js
// Setting up recording
record({
  url: '*',
  method: '*',
  body: '*', // Record any POST request to this URL
});

// After your requests
const recordedData = getRecords();
debugger;
console.log(recordedData);
// Then Copy/Paste the object from the console
```

#### Retrieving Records

To retrieve and log the recorded requests:

```js
const records = getRecords();
console.log(records);
```

#### Restoring Fetch

To restore the original fetch after tests:

```js
restoreAll();
```

#### Cleaning Snapshots for Testing

To clean dynamic values from state objects for consistent snapshot testing:

```js
const cleanedState = cleanSnapshotForComparison(state);
expect(cleanedState).toMatchSnapshot();
```

This function recursively cleans the following dynamic values:

- `timestamp`, `startTime`, `endTime`, `executionTime` (numbers or strings)
- `runId`, `workflowId`, `currentRunId` (strings)
- `duration` (strings that aren't already `[REDACTED]`)

All dynamic values are replaced with `[REDACTED]` to ensure consistent test results across different executions.

### Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please read our contributing guidelines to get started.

### License

moscaFetch is MIT licensed.
