packages/tools/README.md, before:

# Kaiban Tools for AI Agents

This package provides a collection of specialized tools designed for use with AI agents, enhancing their capabilities for various tasks.

## Purpose

The Kaiban Tools package offers a set of tools that can be integrated into AI agent systems, allowing agents to perform a wide range of tasks more effectively. These tools are designed to extend the capabilities of AI agents, enabling them to interact with external services, process data, and perform complex operations.

## Features

- A collection of tools specifically designed for AI agents
- Easy integration with existing agent frameworks and architectures
- Tools for various purposes, including web scraping, data transformation, and more
- Configurable options for each tool to suit different agent requirements

## Installation

```bash
npm install @kaibanjs/tools
```

## Available Tools

### 1. Firecrawl

Firecrawl is a tool that allows agents to interact with the Firecrawl web scraping service, enabling them to extract clean, structured data from websites.

Learn more: https://www.firecrawl.dev/

### 2. Tavily Search

Tavily Search is a tool that provides AI-optimized search capabilities, delivering comprehensive and accurate results. It's particularly useful for retrieving current information and answering questions about recent events.

Learn more: https://tavily.com/

## Development

### Local Setup

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/kaiban-ai/KaibanJS.git
```

2. Navigate to the tools package:

```bash
cd packages/tools
```

3. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

4. Environment Variables:

Create a `.env` file in the root directory with your API keys:

```env
VITE_FIRECRAWL_API_KEY=your_firecrawl_api_key
VITE_TAVILY_API_KEY=your_tavily_api_key
```

5. Run Storybook to view and test components:

```bash
npm run storybook
```

5. Build the package:

```bash
npm run build
```

6. Run tests:

```bash
npm run test
```

## Contributing

To contribute a new tool:

1. Follow the Development steps above to set up your local environment
2. Use an existing tool as reference (check `src/firecrawl` or `src/tavily` for examples)
3. Remember to create:
   - Your tool implementation
   - A Storybook story
   - Tests

For questions or discussions, join our [Discord](https://kaibanjs.com/discord).

## License

MIT License

Commit message:

Add Serper search tool integration
Integrate Serper, a Google Search API service, as a new tool for retrieving real-time information. This addition enhances search capabilities with multiple search types, structured JSON responses, and webpage scraping. Update documentation, configuration, and testing to support the new tool.

packages/tools/README.md, after:

# Kaiban Tools for AI Agents

This package provides a collection of specialized tools designed for use with AI agents, enhancing their capabilities for various tasks.

## Purpose

The Kaiban Tools package offers a set of tools that can be integrated into AI agent systems, allowing agents to perform a wide range of tasks more effectively. These tools are designed to extend the capabilities of AI agents, enabling them to interact with external services, process data, and perform complex operations.

## Features

- A collection of tools specifically designed for AI agents
- Easy integration with existing agent frameworks and architectures
- Tools for various purposes, including web scraping, data transformation, and more
- Configurable options for each tool to suit different agent requirements

## Installation

```bash
npm install @kaibanjs/tools
```

## Available Tools

### 1. Firecrawl

Firecrawl is a tool that allows agents to interact with the Firecrawl web scraping service, enabling them to extract clean, structured data from websites.

Learn more: https://www.firecrawl.dev/

### 2. Tavily Search

Tavily Search is a tool that provides AI-optimized search capabilities, delivering comprehensive and accurate results. It's particularly useful for retrieving current information and answering questions about recent events.

Learn more: https://tavily.com/

### 3. Serper

Serper is a tool that integrates with Google Search API service, providing access to various types of search results including web search, news, images, and more. It's particularly useful for retrieving real-time information from Google's search engine.

Learn more: https://serper.dev/

## Development

### Local Setup

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/kaiban-ai/KaibanJS.git
```

2. Navigate to the tools package:

```bash
cd packages/tools
```

3. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

4. Environment Variables:

Create a `.env` file in the root directory with your API keys:

```env
VITE_FIRECRAWL_API_KEY=your_firecrawl_api_key
VITE_TAVILY_API_KEY=your_tavily_api_key
VITE_SERPER_API_KEY=your_serper_api_key
```

5. Run Storybook to view and test components:

```bash
npm run storybook
```

5. Build the package:

```bash
npm run build
```

6. Run tests:

```bash
npm run test
```

## Contributing

To contribute a new tool:

1. Follow the Development steps above to set up your local environment
2. Use an existing tool as reference (check `src/firecrawl` or `src/tavily` for examples)
3. Remember to create:
   - Your tool implementation
   - A Storybook story
   - Tests

For questions or discussions, join our [Discord](https://kaibanjs.com/discord).

## License

MIT License
